[clang][doc][SYCL] Add SYCL driver and device library release notes to ReleaseNotes.md (#211949)
llvm/llvm-project: clang/docs/ReleaseNotes.md

#### Improvements

- SYCL compilations now default to `-std=c++17` when no explicit language
  standard is specified. Standards below C++17 are rejected with a diagnostic.

- Clang now assumes the default target for SYCL device compilation is 64-bit
  SPIR-V and diagnoses if a non-supporting target is specified on the command
  line. (#GH167358)

- The SYCL runtime shared library has been renamed from `libsycl.so` to
  `libLLVMSYCL.so` to align with LLVM naming conventions.

- In SYCL mode, the compiler driver automatically provides the necessary SYCL

>   header include paths to both the host and device compilers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- When SYCL based compilation is enabled, the compiler driver automatically
  provides the necessary SYCL header include paths to both the host and
  device compilations.
```

#### Improvements

- SYCL compilations now default to `-std=c++17` when no explicit language
  standard is specified. Standards below C++17 are rejected with a diagnostic.

- Clang now assumes the default target for SYCL device compilation is 64-bit
  SPIR-V and diagnoses if a non-supporting target is specified on the command
  line. (#GH167358)

- The SYCL runtime shared library has been renamed from `libsycl.so` to
  `libLLVMSYCL.so` to align with LLVM naming conventions.

- SYCL header include paths are now added automatically for both host and

>   device compilations.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- In SYCL mode, the compiler driver automatically provides the necessary SYCL header include paths to both the host and device compilers.
```
\+ word wrapping.

- SYCL runtime library linking is now supported on Windows. When `-fsycl` is
  specified, Clang automatically adds `/MD` if no explicit CRT flag is present,
  links the appropriate debug (`LLVMSYCLd.lib`) or release (`LLVMSYCL.lib`)
  library, and rejects static CRT flags (`/MT`, `/MTd`) with a diagnostic. Use
  `-nolibsycl` to suppress automatic library linking.

- Fixed `-nolibsycl` being silently ignored on Linux: the SYCL runtime library
  was unconditionally added to the link line even when the flag was passed.

- SYCL device compilations targeting SPIR-V now automatically link
  `libclang_rt.builtins.bc` at compile time via `-mlink-builtin-bitcode`.

>   Pass `--no-offloadlib` to opt out.

Reviewer 2: I think the internal option is less important to the clang users than the functionality enabled by the library.
